hello everyone I'm Bobby from brain
surge its behavior card night brain
surge fan Justin went to the movies so I
took over and I'm Justin's brother and
I'm 12 years old so let's get on with
the cards if it's gold you've graduated
forever if it's magenta you will have a
year off if it's purple you will have it
month off if it's blue you will have a
week off if it's mint green you will
have a day off white means nothing if
you get beige you don't have detention
just a little talk after school if you
get light yellow you will have 5 minutes
of detention if you get yellow you will
have an hour of detention if you get
orange you will have 5 hours of
detention if you get brown you will have
detention until school ends if you get
gunmetal you will have tin tention
forever if you get Barker gray you will
be suspended for a week if you get dark
purple you will be suspended for Reinier
now pay attention to this card this is a
very very very very very very very very
horrible one if you get red you will be
in dead meat and expelled forever okay
here are the cards
yes yes yes yes yes yes I got the gold
card good job Alice in Wonderland
Euan graduated forever go to the
principal's office and make her proud
amazing me Dakota and Scott got magenta
cards good job Scott Dakota and Scott
you three may have a year off school go
to the principal's office and show her
your cards
yes I got a purple card good job
Angelica pickles you may have a month
off school go to the principal's office
and show her your card
all right me and Stocking got blue cards
nice work Panty and Stocking you two may
have a week off school go to the
principal's office and show her your
cards
okay meet anaconda and green cards okay
Angela and Nanette you two may have a
day off go to the principal's office and
show her your cards
oh well the white card is still good
that's right Tara nothing will happen
you may go back to your seat
by God I got pay paste card please don't
cry Hudson McHugh it's just a talk after
school but still go to the principal's
office
well I got a light yellow card and I'll
have detention for five minutes
my parents will send me up to my room
for just a few minutes right that's
right Dora
you just have detention for five minutes
go to the principal's office and show
her your card
really a yellow card man I better stop
getting detentions it's okay
princess Shana it's just detention for
one hour go to the principal's office
and show her your card
oh no I got the orange card that's right
Mac your chopper you have detention for
five hours go to the principal's office
right now
Oh oooo oooo oooo oooo oooo oooo give me
the brown card you stupid little boy
that's right slim you have detention
until school ends go to the principal's
office right now and don't call me
stupid you stupid little boy
Oh grr
I got the gunmetal card that's right
Peppa Pig you have been one naughty
little pig go to the principal's office
right now and enjoy your forever
detention
no no no no no no no no no no no no I
got the darker gray card that's right
Warren cuck you are suspended for a week
go to the principal's office right now
no no no no no no no no no no no no no I
got the dark purple card that's right
Kent you are suspended for right here go
to the principal's office right now and
please enjoy wearing a B's
ah mama mama mama mama mama mama mama I
got a red card can I please have another
chance
absolutely not ki-moon you have been the
worst student ever go to the principal's
office right now chalo how dare you get
in dead meat and expelled forever that's
it you're grounded for six months go to
your room now work